So you're starting right on when we're splitting the kids, huh?
Of course.
At the first time being a mom, I want to get them something special.
I want this one, that one, and that one.
Excuse me, how much are those over there?
Those are limited edition, $1,000 each.
Is there any way they're part of the sale?
No, just those.
Oh, don't worry.
I have a membership here.
I use my points as a discount.
OK, that's perfect.
Let's use my corn and your whites.
Wow.
It's really you, Mr. P.
Yes.
Finally, I can use my points.
How about both systems, sir?
Just right.
Just, of course, sir.
All right, so let's go.
Thanks so much.
Thank you.
These kids really go crazy for Spider-Man.
No, thank you.
And your kids are beautiful.
They look exactly like you.
Down to the mall.
All right, he's got mall kids.